{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 Arial;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang1033\f0\fs20NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
\par
IBM eMessage - Push Notification 14.1\par
IBM Marketing Center - Push Notification 14.1\par
IBM Marketing Center - Web Push and Inbox 14.1\par
IBM Marketing Center - Web Push & Inbox Standard 14.1\par
\par
The IBM license agreement and any applicable information on the web\par
download page for IBM products refers Licensee to this file for details\par
concerning notices applicable to code included in the products listed\par
above ("the Program").\par
\par
Notwithstanding the terms and conditions of any other agreement Licensee\par
may have with IBM or any of its related or affiliated entities\par
(collectively "IBM"), the third party code identified below is subject\par
to the terms and conditions of the IBM license agreement for the Program\par
and not the license terms that may be contained in the notices below.\par
The notices are provided for informational purposes.\par
\par
Please note: This Notices file may identify information that is not used\par
by, or that was not shipped with, the Program as Licensee installed it.\par
\par
IMPORTANT: IBM does not represent or warrant that the information in this\par
NOTICES file is accurate. Third party websites are independent of IBM and\par
IBM does not represent or warrant that the information on any third party\par
website referenced in this NOTICES file is accurate. IBM disclaims any\par
and all liability for errors and omissions or for any damages accruing\par
from the use of this NOTICES file or its contents, including without\par
limitation URLs or references to any third party websites.\par
\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
NOTICES AND INFORMATION FOR EXCLUDED COMPONENTS\par
\par
Xtify Wp SDK Distributed Bluewash\par
\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
IBM NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
\par
The IBM license agreement and any applicable information on the web\par
download page for IBM products refers Licensee to this file for details\par
concerning notices applicable to code included in the products listed\par
above ("the Program").\par
\par
Notwithstanding the terms and conditions of any other agreement Licensee\par
may have with IBM, the third party code identified below are subject\par
to the terms and conditions of the IBM license agreement for the Program\par
and not the license terms that may be contained in the notices below.\par
The notices are provided for informational purposes.\par
\par
Please note: This Notices file may identify information that is not used\par
by, or that was not shipped with, the Program as Licensee installed it.\par
\par
IMPORTANT: IBM does not represent or warrant that the information in \par
this NOTICES file is accurate. Third party websites are independent of \par
IBM and IBM does not represent or warrant that the information on any \par
third party web site referenced in this NOTICES file is accurate. IBM \par
disclaims any and all liability for errors and omissions or for any \par
damages accruing from the use of this NOTICES file or its contents, \par
including without limitation URLs or references to any third party \par
websites. \par
\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
TABLE OF CONTENTS\par
\par
THE REMAINDER OF THIS IBM NOTICES FILE CONSISTS OF THE FOLLOWING \par
SECTIONS:\par
\par
MIT\par
PUBLIC DOMAIN\par
\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
MIT LICENSE\par
\par
The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained\par
under the MIT License:\par
\par
Newtonsoft.Json (Copyright (c) 2007 James Newton-King)\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a \par
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the \par
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including \par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, \par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to \par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to \par
the following conditions: \par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included \par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS \par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF \par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. \par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY \par
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, \par
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE \par
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par
\par
END OF MIT LICENSE\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
PUBLIC DOMAIN SOFTWARE\par
\par
The Program includes some or all of the following packages that were\par
obtained in the public domain:\par
\par
json2\par
\par
END OF PUBLIC DOMAIN NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
END OF IBM NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
END OF NOTICE FILE\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
NOTICES AND INFORMATION FOR EXCLUDED COMPONENTS\par
\par
Xtify Reactor SDK Distributed \endash  Bluewash\par
\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
IBM NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
\par
The IBM license agreement and any applicable information on the web\par
download page for IBM products refers Licensee to this file for details\par
concerning notices applicable to code included in the products listed\par
above ("the Program").\par
\par
Notwithstanding the terms and conditions of any other agreement Licensee\par
may have with IBM, the third party code identified below are subject\par
to the terms and conditions of the IBM license agreement for the Program\par
and not the license terms that may be contained in the notices below.\par
The notices are provided for informational purposes.\par
\par
Please note: This Notices file may identify information that is not used\par
by, or that was not shipped with, the Program as Licensee installed it.\par
\par
IMPORTANT: IBM does not represent or warrant that the information in \par
this NOTICES file is accurate. Third party websites are independent of \par
IBM and IBM does not represent or warrant that the information on any \par
third party web site referenced in this NOTICES file is accurate. IBM \par
disclaims any and all liability for errors and omissions or for any \par
damages accruing from the use of this NOTICES file or its contents, \par
including without limitation URLs or references to any third party \par
websites. \par
\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
TABLE OF CONTENTS\par
\par
THE REMAINDER OF THIS IBM NOTICES FILE CONSISTS OF THE FOLLOWING \par
SECTIONS:\par
\par
APACHE V2\par
BSD\par
MIT\par
\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
APACHE LICENSE 2.0\par
\par
The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained\par
under the Apache License Version 2.0:\par
\par
Bootstrap, Bootstrap Swatch, Google Code Prettify, Recess\par
\par
Apache License\par
Version 2.0, January 2004\par
http://www.apache.org/licenses/\par
\par
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION\par
\par
1. Definitions.\par
\par
   "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,\par
   and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.\par
\par
   "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by\par
   the copyright owner that is granting the License.\par
\par
   "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all\par
   other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common\par
   control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,\par
   "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the\par
   direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or\par
   otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the\par
   outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.\par
\par
   "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity\par
   exercising permissions granted by this License.\par
\par
   "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,\par
   including but not limited to software source code, documentation\par
   source, and configuration files.\par
\par
   "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical\par
   transformation or translation of a Source form, including but\par
   not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,\par
   and conversions to other media types.\par
\par
   "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or\par
   Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a\par
   copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work\par
   (an example is provided in the Appendix below).\par
\par
   "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object\par
   form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the\par
   editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications\par
   represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes\par
   of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain\par
   separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,\par
   the Work and Derivative Works thereof.\par
\par
   "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including\par
   the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions\par
   to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally\par
   submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner\par
   or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of\par
   the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"\par
   means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent\par
   to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to\par
   communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,\par
   and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the\par
   Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but\par
   excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise\par
   designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."\par
\par
   "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity\par
   on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and\par
   subsequently incorporated within the Work.\par
\par
2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of\par
   this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,\par
   worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable\par
   copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,\par
   publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the\par
   Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.\par
\par
3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of\par
   this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,\par
   worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable\par
   (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,\par
   use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,\par
   where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable\par
   by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their\par
   Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)\par
   with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You\par
   institute patent litigation against any entity (including a\par
   cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work\par
   or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct\par
   or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses\par
   granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate\par
   as of the date such litigation is filed.\par
\par
4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the\par
   Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without\par
   modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You\par
   meet the following conditions:\par
\par
   (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or\par
       Derivative Works a copy of this License; and\par
\par
   (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices\par
       stating that You changed the files; and\par
\par
   (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works\par
       that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and\par
       attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,\par
       excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of\par
       the Derivative Works; and\par
\par
   (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its\par
       distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must\par
       include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained\par
       within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not\par
       pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one\par
       of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed\par
       as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or\par
       documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,\par
       within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and\par
       wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents\par
       of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and\par
       do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution\par
       notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside\par
       or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided\par
       that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed\par
       as modifying the License.\par
\par
   You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and\par
   may provide additional or different license terms and conditions\par
   for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or\par
   for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,\par
   reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with\par
   the conditions stated in this License.\par
\par
5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,\par
   any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work\par
   by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of\par
   this License, without any additional terms or conditions.\par
   Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify\par
   the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed\par
   with Licensor regarding such Contributions.\par
\par
6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade\par
   names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,\par
   except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the\par
   origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.\par
\par
7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or\par
   agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each\par
   Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or\par
   implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions\par
   of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A\par
   PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the\par
   appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any\par
   risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.\par
\par
8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,\par
   whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,\par
   unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly\par
   negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be\par
   liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,\par
   incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a\par
   result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the\par
   Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,\par
   work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all\par
   other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor\par
   has been advised of the possibility of such damages.\par
\par
9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing\par
   the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,\par
   and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,\par
   or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this\par
   License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only\par
   on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf\par
   of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,\par
   defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability\par
   incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason\par
   of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.\par
\par
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
\par
END OF APACHE LICENSE 2.0 NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
BSD LICENSE\par
\par
The Program includes some or all of the following packages that IBM \par
obtained under the BSD 2-Clause License:\par
\par
uglify (Copyright 2010 (c) Mihai Bazon )\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are \par
met: \par
\par
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, \par
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
* Neither the name of the <ORGANIZATION> nor the names of its \par
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from \par
  this software without specific prior written permission. \par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS \par
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED \par
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A \par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER \par
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, \par
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, \par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR \par
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF \par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING \par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS \par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
END OF BSD LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
MIT LICENSE\par
\par
The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained\par
under the MIT License:\par
\par
html5shim (Copyright (c) 2012 Alexander Farkas, Jonathan Neal, Paul\par
Irish and John-David Dalton), jQuery smooth scroll (Copyright (c) 2013\par
Karl Swedberg), Sencha Connect (Copyright (c) 2010 Sencha Inc.\par
Copyright (c) 2011 LearnBoost Copyright (c) 2011 TJ Holowaychuk)\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a \par
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the \par
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including \par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, \par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to \par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to \par
the following conditions: \par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included \par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS \par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF \par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. \par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY \par
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, \par
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE \par
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par
\par
END OF MIT LICENSE\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
END OF IBM NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
END OF NOTICE FILE\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
NOTICES AND INFORMATION FOR EXCLUDED COMPONENTS\par
\par
Xtify iPhone SDK Distributed \endash  Bluewash\par
\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
IBM NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
\par
The IBM license agreement and any applicable information on the web\par
download page for IBM products refers Licensee to this file for details\par
concerning notices applicable to code included in the products listed\par
above ("the Program").\par
\par
Notwithstanding the terms and conditions of any other agreement Licensee\par
may have with IBM, the third party code identified below are subject\par
to the terms and conditions of the IBM license agreement for the Program\par
and not the license terms that may be contained in the notices below.\par
The notices are provided for informational purposes.\par
\par
Please note: This Notices file may identify information that is not used\par
by, or that was not shipped with, the Program as Licensee installed it.\par
\par
IMPORTANT: IBM does not represent or warrant that the information in \par
this NOTICES file is accurate. Third party websites are independent of \par
IBM and IBM does not represent or warrant that the information on any \par
third party web site referenced in this NOTICES file is accurate. IBM \par
disclaims any and all liability for errors and omissions or for any \par
damages accruing from the use of this NOTICES file or its contents, \par
including without limitation URLs or references to any third party \par
websites. \par
\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
TABLE OF CONTENTS\par
\par
THE REMAINDER OF THIS IBM NOTICES FILE CONSISTS OF THE FOLLOWING \par
SECTIONS:\par
\par
BSD - APPLE LICENSE\par
BSD\par
MIT\par
\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
BSD - APPLE LICENSE\par
\par
The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained\par
under the Appple License:\par
\par
Reachability  (Copyright (C) 2010 Apple Inc.)\par
\par
Disclaimer: IMPORTANT: This Apple software is supplied to you by Apple \par
Inc. ("Apple") in consideration of your agreement to the following \par
terms, and your use, installation, modification or redistribution of \par
this Apple software constitutes acceptance of these terms. If you do not \par
agree with these terms, please do not use, install, modify or \par
redistribute this Apple software. \par
\par
In consideration of your agreement to abide by the following terms, and \par
subject to these terms, Apple grants you a personal, non-exclusive \par
license, under Apple's copyrights in this original Apple software (the \par
"Apple Software"), to use, reproduce, modify and redistribute the Apple \par
Software, with or without modifications, in source and/or binary forms; \par
provided that if you redistribute the Apple Software in its entirety and \par
without modifications, you must retain this notice and the following \par
text and disclaimers in all such redistributions of the Apple Software. \par
\par
Neither the name, trademarks, service marks or logos of Apple Inc. may \par
be used to endorse or promote products derived from the Apple Software \par
without specific prior written permission from Apple. Except as \par
expressly stated in this notice, no other rights or licenses, express or \par
implied, are granted by Apple herein, including but not limited to any \par
patent rights that may be infringed by your derivative works or by other \par
works in which the Apple Software may be incorporated. \par
\par
The Apple Software is provided by Apple on an "AS IS" basis. APPLE MAKES \par
NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE \par
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR \par
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, REGARDING THE APPLE SOFTWARE OR ITS USE AND \par
OPERATION ALONE OR IN COMBINATION WITH YOUR PRODUCTS. \par
\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL \par
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF \par
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS \par
INTERRUPTION) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE, REPRODUCTION, \par
MODIFICATION AND/OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE APPLE SOFTWARE, HOWEVER CAUSED \par
AND WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), \par
STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF APPLE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE \par
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
END OF BSD - APPLE LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
BSD LICENSE\par
\par
The Program includes some or all of the following packages that IBM \par
obtained under the BSD 2-Clause License:\par
\par
ASIHTTPRequest (Copyright (c) 2007-2011, All-Seeing Interactive), SBJSON\par
(Copyright (C) 2007-2011 Stig Brautaset. All rights reserved)\par
\par
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without \par
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are \par
met: \par
\par
* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, \par
  this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. \par
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright \par
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the \par
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. \par
* Neither the name of the <ORGANIZATION> nor the names of its \par
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from \par
  this software without specific prior written permission. \par
\par
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS \par
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED \par
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A \par
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER \par
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, \par
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, \par
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR \par
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF \par
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING \par
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS \par
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. \par
\par
END OF BSD LICENSE NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
MIT LICENSE\par
\par
The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained\par
under the MIT License:\par
\par
MWFeedParser (Copyright (c) 2010 Michael Waterfall),\par
NSString+MD5Addition.h (Copyright (C) 2012, Georg Kitz, @gekitz),\par
UIDevice Identifier, (Copyright 2011 Aurora Apps)\par
\par
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a \par
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the \par
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including \par
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, \par
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to \par
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to \par
the following conditions: \par
\par
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included \par
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. \par
\par
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS \par
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF \par
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. \par
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY \par
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, \par
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE \par
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. \par
\par
END OF MIT LICENSE\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
END OF IBM NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
END OF NOTICE FILE\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
NOTICES AND INFORMATION FOR EXCLUDED COMPONENTS\par
\par
Xtify GCM SDK Distributed \endash  Bluewash\par
\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
IBM NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
\par
The IBM license agreement and any applicable information on the web\par
download page for IBM products refers Licensee to this file for details\par
concerning notices applicable to code included in the products listed\par
above ("the Program").\par
\par
Notwithstanding the terms and conditions of any other agreement Licensee\par
may have with IBM, the third party code identified below are subject\par
to the terms and conditions of the IBM license agreement for the Program\par
and not the license terms that may be contained in the notices below.\par
The notices are provided for informational purposes.\par
\par
Please note: This Notices file may identify information that is not used\par
by, or that was not shipped with, the Program as Licensee installed it.\par
\par
IMPORTANT: IBM does not represent or warrant that the information in \par
this NOTICES file is accurate. Third party websites are independent of \par
IBM and IBM does not represent or warrant that the information on any \par
third party web site referenced in this NOTICES file is accurate. IBM \par
disclaims any and all liability for errors and omissions or for any \par
damages accruing from the use of this NOTICES file or its contents, \par
including without limitation URLs or references to any third party \par
websites. \par
\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
TABLE OF CONTENTS\par
\par
THE REMAINDER OF THIS IBM NOTICES FILE CONSISTS OF THE FOLLOWING \par
SECTIONS:\par
\par
APACHE V2\par
\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
APACHE LICENSE 2.0\par
\par
The Program includes some or all of the following that IBM obtained\par
under the Apache License Version 2.0:\par
\par
Apache Cordova, Cwac-wakeful, Fade.xml, GCM Titanium Module\par
\par
Apache License\par
Version 2.0, January 2004\par
http://www.apache.org/licenses/\par
\par
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION\par
\par
1. Definitions.\par
\par
   "License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,\par
   and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.\par
\par
   "Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by\par
   the copyright owner that is granting the License.\par
\par
   "Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all\par
   other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common\par
   control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition,\par
   "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the\par
   direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or\par
   otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the\par
   outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.\par
\par
   "You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity\par
   exercising permissions granted by this License.\par
\par
   "Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,\par
   including but not limited to software source code, documentation\par
   source, and configuration files.\par
\par
   "Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical\par
   transformation or translation of a Source form, including but\par
   not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation,\par
   and conversions to other media types.\par
\par
   "Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or\par
   Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a\par
   copyright notice that is included in or attached to the work\par
   (an example is provided in the Appendix below).\par
\par
   "Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object\par
   form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the\par
   editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications\par
   represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes\par
   of this License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain\par
   separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of,\par
   the Work and Derivative Works thereof.\par
\par
   "Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including\par
   the original version of the Work and any modifications or additions\par
   to that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally\par
   submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner\par
   or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of\par
   the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted"\par
   means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent\par
   to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to\par
   communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems,\par
   and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the\par
   Licensor for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but\par
   excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise\par
   designated in writing by the copyright owner as "Not a Contribution."\par
\par
   "Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity\par
   on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and\par
   subsequently incorporated within the Work.\par
\par
2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of\par
   this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,\par
   worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable\par
   copyright license to reproduce, prepare Derivative Works of,\par
   publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and distribute the\par
   Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.\par
\par
3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of\par
   this License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual,\par
   worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable\par
   (except as stated in this section) patent license to make, have made,\par
   use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work,\par
   where such license applies only to those patent claims licensable\par
   by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their\par
   Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s)\par
   with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You\par
   institute patent litigation against any entity (including a\par
   cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the Work\par
   or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct\par
   or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses\par
   granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate\par
   as of the date such litigation is filed.\par
\par
4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the\par
   Work or Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without\par
   modifications, and in Source or Object form, provided that You\par
   meet the following conditions:\par
\par
   (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or\par
       Derivative Works a copy of this License; and\par
\par
   (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices\par
       stating that You changed the files; and\par
\par
   (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works\par
       that You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and\par
       attribution notices from the Source form of the Work,\par
       excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part of\par
       the Derivative Works; and\par
\par
   (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its\par
       distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must\par
       include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained\par
       within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not\par
       pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one\par
       of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed\par
       as part of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or\par
       documentation, if provided along with the Derivative Works; or,\par
       within a display generated by the Derivative Works, if and\par
       wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents\par
       of the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and\par
       do not modify the License. You may add Your own attribution\par
       notices within Derivative Works that You distribute, alongside\par
       or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work, provided\par
       that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed\par
       as modifying the License.\par
\par
   You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and\par
   may provide additional or different license terms and conditions\par
   for use, reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or\par
   for any such Derivative Works as a whole, provided Your use,\par
   reproduction, and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with\par
   the conditions stated in this License.\par
\par
5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise,\par
   any Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work\par
   by You to the Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of\par
   this License, without any additional terms or conditions.\par
   Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall supersede or modify\par
   the terms of any separate license agreement you may have executed\par
   with Licensor regarding such Contributions.\par
\par
6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade\par
   names, trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor,\par
   except as required for reasonable and customary use in describing the\par
   origin of the Work and reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.\par
\par
7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or\par
   agreed to in writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each\par
   Contributor provides its Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or\par
   implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions\par
   of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A\par
   PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the\par
   appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any\par
   risks associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.\par
\par
8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory,\par
   whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise,\par
   unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly\par
   negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any Contributor be\par
   liable to You for damages, including any direct, indirect, special,\par
   incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a\par
   result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the\par
   Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,\par
   work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all\par
   other commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor\par
   has been advised of the possibility of such damages.\par
\par
9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing\par
   the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer,\par
   and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity,\par
   or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with this\par
   License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only\par
   on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf\par
   of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify,\par
   defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability\par
   incurred by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason\par
   of your accepting any such warranty or additional liability.\par
\par
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS\par
\par
END OF APACHE LICENSE 2.0 NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
END OF IBM NOTICES AND INFORMATION\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
END OF NOTICE FILE\par
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\par
\par
\par
L/N:  L-DBET-9FMQ63\par
D/N:  L-DBET-9FMQ63\par
P/N:  L-DBET-9FMQ63 \par
}
 